<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-stylesheet href="../include/resume.css" type="text/css"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>letter from Lawell Kiing</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="../include/resume.css" type="text/css" />
        <meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
	</head>
<body>
<p>To Whom it May Concern:</p>

<p>Greg Pfeil commenced employment with XML Global as a software developer in November 1999 when the company was in its infancy. He worked on the GoXML Search product as a software developer (Perl and C++) and in 2001 he was promoted to senior software developer.  GoXML Search was successfully delivered to market in mid-2001.  Greg then worked on 3 other products/projects:  GoXML DB product (XML native database) where he was a key member for the server component, Xtract (a law enforcement solution for the Vancouver Police) and GoXML Messaging, an ebXML Messaging solution.  All projects were successfully delivered.  The company changed drastically during Greg’s tenure, and he adapted well to the various projects that he was part of.</p>

<p>In his role as senior software developer, Greg helped architect and develop the various products he was part of.  Greg possesses very strong software development and design skills and shown remarkable abilities to understand and apply new technologies.  For example, when Greg first joined XML Global, he was a very strong Perl developer because initially GoXML Search was developed in Perl.  Later, when it switched to a C++ code base, Greg learned C++ very quickly and became a very strong C++ developer.  When he was put on the GoXML DB product, which was written entirely in Java, he quickly learned Java and became a very strong Java developer.  Because of Greg’s efforts and hard work, XML Global was able to deliver excellent commercial products and solutions to its customers.</p>

<p>Unfortunately, Greg decided to leave XML Global to pursue other personal opportunities.  If the opportunity arises, I would be very happy to hire him to work with us again, and have no hesitation in recommending him.</p>

<p>Please do not hesitate to contact me at [phone number removed] if you require any more information.</p>

<div>
Sincerely,<br />
Lawell Kiing<br />
<em>Senior VP Engineering</em><br />
<strong>XML Global Research, Inc.</strong>
</div>
</body>
</html>
