<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<?xml-stylesheet href="../include/resume.css" type="text/css"?>

<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
                      "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
	<head>
		<title>letter from Matthew Manzi</title>
		<link rel="stylesheet" href="../include/resume.css" type="text/css" />
        <meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=UTF-8" />
	</head>
<body>
<p>Dear Sirs,</p>

<p>I’ve had the very good fortune to work with Greg Pfeil during the past two summers while he worked on an intern basis at PECO Energy Company on the Electric Choice project. During these internships he demonstrated a high level of motivation, commitment and self-direction while applying various information technology skills in ensuring our project’s success. In addition to Greg’s personal characteristics, he brought technical capabilities such as Perl development skills that were not readily available within the project team. Skills such as Perl and general PC development and end-use were extremely valuable in enabling the project team to accomplish various tasks that would have otherwise taken much longer using other technologies. Additionally, in developing various applets for our project, Greg was very thorough and conscious of the quality of his work. He recognized and understood the importance of accuracy and completeness in deliverables, especially when dealing with external organizations. Additionally, he was very thorough in testing paritcularly with functions that involved our production application.</p>

<p>Although I am not familiar with the specifics of Greg’s major at James
Madison University, he is being well prepared for the business community
based upon his demonstrated excellent technical skills and his understanding
of how to apply those skills to meet business needs.  This education when
combined with his personal strengths are a guaranteed formula for success.</p>

<div>
Sincerely,<br />
Matthew L. Manzi Jr.<br />
<em>President/Senior Project Manager</em><br />
<strong>Project Specialists</strong>
</div>
</body>
</html>
